Docs/grammarly check (#479)
chakra-ui/chakra-ui-vue: website/pages/heading.mdx

### Override style

> You can override the size of the Heading component bypassing the `fontSize`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can override the size of the Heading component by passing the `fontSize` prop.
```
